📖clusterctl: more docs (#2266)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/clusterctl/commands/upgrade.md

# clusterctl upgrade

The `clusterctl upgrade` command can be used to upgrade the version of the Cluster API providers (CRDs, controllers)
installed into a management cluster.

## Background info: management groups

> The upgrade procedure is designed to ensure all the provider in a *management group* will be using the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The upgrade procedure is designed to ensure all the providers in a *management group* use the same
```

NAME                NAMESPACE                       TYPE                     CURRENT VERSION   TARGET VERSION
kubeadm-bootstrap   capi-kubeadm-bootstrap-system   BootstrapProvider        v0.3.0            v0.3.1
cluster-api         capi-system                     CoreProvider             v0.3.0            v0.3.1
docker              capd-system                     InfrastructureProvider   v0.3.0            v0.3.1

You can now apply the upgrade by executing the following command:

   upgrade apply --management-group capi-system/cluster-api  --cluster-api-version v1alpha3
```

The output contains the latest release available for each management group in the cluster/for each Cluster API / API version
available at the moment.

# upgrade apply

After choosing the desired option for the upgrade, you can run the provided command.

```shell
upgrade apply --management-group capi-system/cluster-api  --cluster-api-version v1alpha3
```

The upgrade process is composed by two steps:

* Delete the current version of the provider components, while preserving the namespace where the provider components 
  are hosted and the provider's CRDs.
* Install the new version of the provider components.

> Please note that clusterctl does not upgrades Cluster API objects (Clusters, MachineDeployments, Machine etc.); upgrading 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note that clusterctl does not upgrade Cluster API objects (Clusters, MachineDeployments, Machine etc.); upgrading 
```

> such objects is responsibility of the provider's controllers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
such objects are the responsibility of the provider's controllers.
```
